hi this is alia and welcome back to
cooking with ali-a Korean Edition this
is a special Korean series for you to
learn how to the Korean food we already
made kimchi and today we're going to
make Korean barbeque yes so many people
ask about Korean barbecues is so famous
and it's so delicious
yes and it's very easy it's super simple
everybody can make it anywhere you are
well it's not I've never seen this cut
before is this a particular cut in Korea
well actually this is not a real
traditional Korean cut it's more like an
American Los Angeles a lake and they cut
first of all we have to soak it in cold
water okay so the blood comes out and he
has to sit like around 15 to 30 minutes
just to get all the blood out and clean
it up mm-hmm
that's good okay yeah let's set this
aside okay so now we have to make the
marinade ooh
marinade I'm all about marinade we only
need half a Kiwi half of Apple okay
Wow and I feel like this is going to
give it a little sweetness yes so
increase of it and then we need half of
the onion and 5 garlic wow that's a lot
of garlic yeah I love garlic
ah wow you're strong she looks awesome
love which isn't really strong
okay now let's pour this in ooh YUM I'm
really excited about this great Oh YUM
that's a perfect puree so don't let me
get a spatula man these onions are
serious yeah like you can do it like
Korean drama drama that was like why do
you like Korean dramas which one is your
favorite don't mean Jew the meat are you
watching this I love you okay now the
puree is ready uh-huh
now we're gonna mix with the liquids we
have soy sauce there mixes and then
let's put sugar and this is honey I'm
now gonna use this all over like maybe
half of it
that's sesame oil it's like the
essential oil for Korean cooking I'm not
sure if we have sesame oil in Morocco I
never used it in Morocco we have argan
oil
uh-huh has a same smell as sesame oil so
I wonder maybe use some argan oil it
could be good ooh there a pinch of
pepper ground about pepper and water hmm
Wow there it's done I feel like you can
use it with anything yeah this could be
good with chicken even like for salad
dressing oh really yes even for me
mushrooms I'm going to try it oh my god
it's so good yes Wow I didn't try to
really good
I'm so good okay so now let's drain the
water I mean the meat itself get we
can't kind of pink
yeah and solder but yeah and softer yes
now we're gonna married in this just
like lay down the ribs so you know like
if you marinate like this we'll be more
evenly like marinated now let's pour
that in here no oh man this is beautiful
and you like to leave it overnight yes
of course I'll be there do ideal way to
marinate it yeah so you can make it
overnight then you come back the next
day from work and you're tired and you
don't want to cook and you just like
sizzle it and then serve it with some
rice yes and your friends and family are
going to think you're like amazing
mm-hmm I like that so minimum an hour it
would be perfect
it's if you like let it marinate for
like three hours three hours or
overnight
oh if you want to like marinate it
overnight don't app Kiwi as the cue life
tenderize it too much okay so no Kiwi
just apple and all these other beautiful
ingredients and to the fridge yes so has
to sit for three hours
yeah marinated for a couple of hours yes
then we heat up our pan and we have a
grilling pan here yes it's so amazing
and then you can also barbeque it if you
have a like I'm actually a that would be
absolutely much better do you think it's
hot enough you want to touch okay just a
small things coming up ready ready
oh wow
they smell the sugar come all that ow
check this out beautiful oh wow
oh this one is ready okay oh wow the
meat is so soft and tender yes yeah oh
you do like the mummy thingy in Kawai
your mom feeds you like that oh my god
what is this seriously good mmm so good
right it's perfect the soy sauce the
saltiness of the soy sauce the sweetness
of the Apple the garlic believe me
nobody would guess how this is made
mm-hmm
tell them the Kiwi they won't believe
you yeah okay let's play this one this
is vaguely good good it's so white
tender
salty Wow for all of you guys who asked
about Korean barbecue this is read the
recipe you have to try and I love the
plate it is so cute mm-hmm you put like
greens and herbs underneath what you
want to do so it makes it look healthier
mmm so no more excuses for anyone not to
make Korean barbecues mm-hmm do they
have to do Gabi go to the kitchen and
try it